Introduce code style for Gemini Code Assist (#1)
westonruter/wp-plugin-template: .gemini/styleguide.md

# WordPress Plugin Style Guide

This style guide outlines the coding conventions for WordPress plugin code. In general, the [coding standards for WordPress](https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/wordpress-coding-standards/) should be followed:

* [CSS Coding Standards](https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/wordpress-coding-standards/css/)
* [HTML Coding Standards](https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/wordpress-coding-standards/html/)
* [JavaScript Coding Standards](https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/wordpress-coding-standards/javascript/)

> * [PHP Coding Standards](https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/wordpress-coding-standards/php/)

Reviewer: I've been crafting one of those for Copilot with PHPStorm and will steal some of this. Nice.

Author: Nice! Is it public? I'd like to glean from it as well.

Note that for the JavaScript Coding Standards, the code should also be formatted using Prettier, specifically the [wp-prettier](https://www.npmjs.com/package/wp-prettier) fork with the `--paren-spacing` option which inserts many extra spaces inside parentheses.

Additionally, the [inline documentation standards for WordPress](https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/inline-documentation-standards/) should be followed:

* [PHP Documentation Standards](https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/inline-documentation-standards/php/)
* [JavaScript Documentation Standards](https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/inline-documentation-standards/javascript/)

## Indentation

In general, indentation should use tabs. Refer to `.editorconfig` in the project root for specifics.

## Inline Documentation

It is expected for code introduced in pull requests to have `@since` tags with the `n.e.x.t` placeholder version. It will get replaced with the actual version at the time of release. Do not add any code review comments such code.

Every file, function, class, method constant, and global variable must have an associated docblock with a `@since` tag.

## PHP

> Whenever possible, the most specific PHP types should be used, depending on the PHP version specified in `phpcs.xml.dist`. The PHP type hints should be compatible with the minimum supported version of WordPress, which is PHP 7.2.

Reviewer: I wonder if one adds a link to the wordpress PHP page, if it'll _know_ when this bumped?! 🤔

Author: I suppose Gemini would know if it uses the search index for grounding.

```suggestion
Whenever possible, the most specific PHP type hints should be used, when compatible with the minimum version of PHP supported by WordPress, unless the version in `phpcs.xml.dist` is higher.
```

When native PHP type cannot be used, PHPStan's [PHPDoc Types](https://phpstan.org/writing-php-code/phpdoc-types) should be used, including not only the basic types but also subtypes like `non-empty-string`, [integer ranges](https://phpstan.org/writing-php-code/phpdoc-types#integer-ranges), [general arrays](https://phpstan.org/writing-php-code/phpdoc-types#general-arrays), and especially [array shapes](https://phpstan.org/writing-php-code/phpdoc-types#array-shapes). The types should comply with PHPStan's level 10. 

The one exception for using PHP types is whenever a function is used as a filter. Since plugins can supply any value at all when filtering, it is important for the filtered value to always be `mixed`. The first statement in the function in this case must always check the type, and if it is not the expected type, override it to be so. For example:

```php
/**
 * Filters foo.
 *
 * @param string|mixed $foo Foo.
 * @return string Foo.
 */

> function filter_foo( $foo, int $post_id ): string {

Author: Only the first argument is modified by filter callbacks. The other arguments cannot be changed by filters, right?

> function filter_foo( $foo, int $post_id ): string {

Reviewer: I'm trying to remember the case where a second arg came with the wrong type because another plugin hooked into it and changed it.....
